---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
OOP’s final project is DONE! I am happy that we have just finished the all the projects from this class and just waiting for those ominous finals. Even though I started early as usual, I had to submit the work on due date’s data, and could not solve a few things like memory leak. I know the problem is due to not implementing and calling the destructor, but did not have time to fix the issues, so hopefully TAs won’t take too much points for that. I feel like I am behind on every single class’s subject, so I am planning to use my Thanksgiving break to catch up and prepare for the final exams.

## What's in your way?
Always my laziness and a lack of motivation. However, starting at the end of Thanksgiving, I will cram hard for the upcoming exams.

## What will you do next week?
Next week is Thanksgiving, so I will be going back home in Dallas like most of students. But I wish I will catch up on the classes during this holiday. About the extra credit that Professor Downing posted, I am not sure if I will do it, but I wish I will find enough commitment to do it since I do not think Collatz is too hard.

## Pick or Tip of the week
Recently, I had to ssh and worked from my computer to do Life project, so I actually spend some time learning the tmux and it was a great experience. I think there was a student weekly post about tmux in the beginning of the year, but I never committed myself to learn it much. I was a VIM user whenever terminal was needed, but a big problem was to not having multiple screens for the files while working. This website is a just a cheat sheet for tmux which can be found easily on google, but just wanted to post about tmux for this week’s post!

<a href="https://gist.github.com/MohamedAlaa/2961058">tmux shortcuts & cheatsheet </a>
