---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
First half of this week was just trying to finish up the Netflix project. With the change in the Travis CI, my partner and I were having really bad time trying to make the build pass. Like everyone knows already, a whole object-oriented group was using one Travis build to do it, so it normally took 40 minutes for us to see the result. We ended up trying to do fork and test it on different github repository which enabled us to see the build immediately. Even though I thought I could finish this project a lot earlier than I predicted, there were just so many unexpected bugs and troubles such as one of the cache we were using becoming bad which caused us to waste about two hours. At least, my partner and I were able to submit the successful build an hour before the due time.

## What's in your way?
As always, my laziness and in order to solve that I am planning to start the calendar. Hopefully, I will keep up with it and make myself productive after.

## What will you do next week?
I have a test coming up on Tuesday, so I will be studying all day on Monday. I am nervous because I have not written essay or taken core classes for a while, so studying English for the test is awkward to me. Hopefully, I will be prepared by then.

## Pick or Tip of the week
I read a short article talking about how Ruby is attempting to create a new concurrency and parallelism models by 2020. They introduced “Guild” avoids the concurrency via threads which is currently used by Ruby. It overcomes the issue by a concurrency model enabling parallel execution. It was interesting to read this right after taking CS439 for me. 

<a href="http://www.javaworld.com/article/3119710/scripting-jvm-languages/ruby-creator-floats-new-concurrency-model.html"> Ruby with a new concurrency model </a>
