---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week was the test week or rather day to me. I had two tests on Thursday before I took this class’s test. I think I did fine on this test, but I am more worried about the previous one. Other than the tests, there were just homework from other classes that I have been procrastinating, so it was a bit busy week all because of my fault. I really should try to use time more wisely, but I have been lazy lately. 

## What's in your way?
Classes’ topics are getting more serious and harder so I should push myself harder than before to focus and specifically use time more wisely. I am not very good at managing time lately, worse than before.

## What will you do next week?
I hope I will be more efficient in managing time like I always mention every week on this blog. I have a few weekly homework that I need to do, so I will be doing them starting tomorrow. 

## Pick or Tip of the week
Rails 3.1 update. I am starting to learn Ruby slowly, so I decided to look at ruby articles starting from this week, and it seems Ruby is getting a few tools like better JavaScript integration, Performance boost for PostgreSQL, a new Force SSL controller making sure connections are safe and encrypted. The asset pipeline will enable JavaScript to be a first-citizen on Rails which would eliminate having a public folder for JavaScript previously. Even though, PostgreSQL got 10 times faster, MySQL database had not much of effect so using PostgreSQL is recommended for the open source users.
<a href="http://www.developer.com/lang/rubyrails/rails-3.1-nears-delivery.html"> Ruby 3.1 </a>
