---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week I met my new partner for the Netflix assignment. The boost serialization was really hard to figure out and end up just giving up on this library. I think the cache is also made without using boost. Hopefully I will be able to reduce the time below 1 quickly next week. Since I have done this assignment in previous semester, so I think this will be really easy and be finished by next meeting with my partner.

## What's in your way?
Nothing particular stuffs are in my way other than my laziness to do homework. I really need to start the projects early enough. Other than this class, I feel like I am not paying too much time on studying and doing the assignments.

## What will you do next week?
I will be working on the Netflix with my partner and study for the upcoming tests from other classes. There is also a career fair that everyone is excited to go. Hopefully, I will be able to interview well and be prepared enough. 

## Pick or Tip of the week
While I was working on the Netflix, my partner and I figured out how to change a single word to another string in one single file using VIM. Everyone could just google this and figure out quickly, but it was so amazing and powerful to me when I was trying to change “Collatz” to “Netflix” in the makefile. The command was %s/Collatz/Netflix/g inside the vim editor. I am glad that I was able to learn more stuffs in VIM since I have been trying to use VIM more frequently.
