---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week was a sort of my rest week because of all the tests I took last week. I feel like I could have done better on these tests including this class, so hopefully will prepare better next time. This project “Allocator” seemed not too hard and was able to finish quite quickly compared to other projects. I think working with my partner definitely helped a lot to progress so much faster. I tend to miss the small little details, but my partner was on top of this project. There are unit tests and all the little stuffs to finish up, but Allocator was not too hard.

## What's in your way?
Always my laziness and a lack of motivation to drive me are the primary problems with me.

## What will you do next week?
I will try to finish up the Allocator projects and prepare for the upcoming exams. Other than the school works, I would need to study other programming languages to remember the concepts that I have forgotten for applying the internships.

## Pick or Tip of the week
This articles introduces the Docker Engine which this class used and is being used by a few classmates or not. It was just interesting to see what Docker is used for and how it is running underneath. This article is using JAVA programs as an example to guide how to use Docker. I only skimmed through this and did not actually did the exercise. It was just interesting to refresh myself what Docker was since I am not using it and fun to found something related to this class.
<a href="http://www.developer.com/java/data/using-java-with-docker-engine.html">Docker </a>
