---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week I have been doing assignments all days. I don’t think there are any tests coming up until Final week, so it has been stress free week. I started the Life project with a new partner and thought it is very similar to Darwin. I don’t know why I thought they are similar, but could be because both have a grid to represent. It has been really struggling to design in OOP way, especially that getter and setter restrictions. I hope our design will be okay and finish soon.

## What's in your way?
Always my laziness and procrastination. Recently, I have been distracted by playing games, so hope I would stop playing too much.

## What will you do next week?
I will be finishing up the Life project next week. I did not know the grid needs to be simulated simultaneously. Implementing this should not be too hard, so hoping to finish the code by Monday or Tuesday. It’s almost Thanksgiving, so I am excited to spend some time relaxing. I need to spend some time studying the materials seriously since I feel like I only know shallow parts of the topics in every classes. I am curious when Professor Downing is going to talk about clone() function, because I have seen the post a quite a while ago, and we still have not talked about it yet. 

## Pick or Tip of the week
I found this article introducing the world’s smallest cyclocopter of only 29 grams. It seems very fragile to me that it is going to break by just a strong wind if it is placed outside. 

<a href="http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/drones/worlds-smallest-cyclocopter-brings-unique-design-to-microdrones">Video Friday: Rescue Robot, Gesture Control, and 1986 Self-Driving Van </a>
