---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
The first half of this week was solely focused on turning in the Project 1 for this class in right manner. I have experienced turning in without fulfilling the requirement for Professor Downing’s class, so I was just so nervous about turning in right. I had a couple things that I was missing until the end, but I think I have submitted right. Other than this class, I had to turn in the lab assignment for other class, but nothing too difficult assignments were due this week, so it has been pretty nice week. I feel like I need to spend some more time studying, because I do not feel like I am ready for the upcoming tests, so hopefully I will be more productive next week.
## What's in your way?
As always, the procrastination and the laziness are problem in my life that will never go away. I wish I could be more productive and accomplish what I want to do in time. C++ is still new to me, but it seems like I have forgotten little details in C. I thought I had a solid understanding on C, but I will have to spend a bit more time on this.

## What will you do next week?
Hopefully, I will be more productive as above and be prepared for the career fair.

## Pick or Tip of the week
I do not really have any tips for anyone, but I just figured out myself on how to work on the project on Windows environment without VM or dual-boot. I messed up my computer over the summer by attempting to create a dual-mode machine, but I finally found myself comfortable working on Windows. I hope I had known the Github Bash earlier, so I could just ssh to the UTCS server and work on the projects. 
