---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This past week was just like everyone else in this class trying to submit the Darwin project with a lot of struggles. We had a trouble in dealing with the pointers for the Creatures, and the lesson I learned from this project is to avoid using the too much pointers if possible. I realized the work around for this later when I talked to TAs for a help. We still used the pointers to solve the problem and it was just a rough time submitting the projects as unusual.

## What's in your way?
My tests grades were not so hot, so I am starting to worry about the classes hoping that I will do better next time. I thought I have prepared enough to not bomb on the tests, but I guess I need another study strategy.

## What will you do next week?
I am planning to start Life, project 5, by Tuesday hoping to finish early this time since we submitted Darwin an hour before the due time (even though we started fairly early). I am very curious about this last project because of its name, Life. I wonder if it is related with Darwin project. If so, it will be more interesting, even though I doubt it.

## Pick or Tip of the week
There have been a few or maybe many articles or videos about these awesome robots and this article had many videos about different robots, so it caught my eyes when I was searching for an article. My favorite one was Parrot’s Bebop 2 drone which stalks you. Even though I am not a travel lover, this product would enable people to record numerous good moments in different angle that we were not able to do.

<a href="http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/video-friday-rescue-quadruped-gesture-controlled-robot-arm-self-driving-van-1986">Video Friday: Rescue Robot, Gesture Control, and 1986 Self-Driving Van </a>
