---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## FINAL WEEK
Before I decided to take this class, I asked one of my peers whether I should take this course or not. I heard that this is a great course to take and I was excited what this would be. Professor Downing was/is one of the best lecturer I have experienced so far in UT. His way of lecturing the students is very clear and make the students to engage into the classroom by politely asking to take any electronical devices away. One thing that I really like was his clear speaking or pronouncing the sentences. It just felt like I am absorbing whatever he is saying and he usually repeat whatever that is important. Not only he is a great lecturer, his knowledge in different programming languages is amazing. I got to know a lot of underlying aspects of programming language and I would like to be able to study this stuffs by myself in the future. One thing that I really hated but understood the importance of was his turning-in process for the projects. Whenever it was the deadline for the projects, it was demanding so much carefulness and tedious checking before turning in. It was so stressful that this would be the sole reason to not take his class. But being able to check if you have the correct files in proper way is extremely important, so I think this prepared you to feel the stress/environment rather than experiencing this horrible stress for first time in the company. Overall, I enjoyed the class and am pretty sure every CS students would agree that you should/must take Professor Downing’s class at least once!
