---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week I feel like I have not been able to get my assignments and other miscellaneous works that I need to do as soon as possible. The classes have started to give out many projects and homeworks, so I feel like I need to start push myself so I do not end up regretting later in next week. 

## What's in your way?
I am little worried about learning c++ even though I have an experience in JAVA and C which should be fine. I hope I will get used to at c++ syntax since I am also taking the computer graphic which use c++ in the projects.

## What will you do next week?
Next week, a lot of projects are due and there is another big project that I need to start and hopefully get a lot of them done. Besides the school works, I have to resolve many apartment related issues and updating my address for IDs.

## Pick or Tip of the week
I briefly read this article which talks about an author’s experience as a poker player before he became a software engineer. He asserts that the chess and go are being automated already that picking these as career is like Uber driver. I sort of agree that choosing those careers are very dangerous since only a few people can succeed. Well the real point of this story is that an author was trying to mimic the other players and ended up losing a lot of money. He concludes that no software engineers should copy what others do. Rather he recommends to build our own ‘ship’ which would provide the new opportunity.
