---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week I had a first exam for this semester from Humanity class. It was a lot of writing which I have not done for around a year. It was quite nervous to study for class like this, because I forgot how to prepare for this heavy reading class. I think this was the first class to take which the test is based on heavy reading. Hopefully, I would get a satisfying grade on it. Other than preparing for the exam, I have been trying to study for other classes including this one. Even though I have tried to study, I feel like I have not accomplished much this week. I probably would need to push myself harder starting tomorrow in order to get good grades on the exams.

## What's in your way?
I was going to start the calendar, but it did not last long. It has not been super effective to me so far, but I will try again.

## What will you do next week?
We got an exam from this class, so I will be studying for it. I feel like there is a lot of stuffs coming up next week for me like assignments’ due dates and the exams from the other class. Hopefully, I will finish up the assignments by tomorrow or study for the exams.

## Pick or Tip of the week
I was searching though the articles and just read about what full stack developer is. The author was basically breaking down everything of web development and application and which is the job of “full” stack developer. It was interesting to me, because I just took software engineer from Professor Downing and the class’s objective was creating a website.
<a href=http://www.developer.com/design/what-is-full-stack-development.html> Full Stack Development </a>
