---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
This week was the busiest week for me due three tests. First of all, I am glad all the test are over, but I am not satisfied with my performance on the tests. I am just hoping that I won’t have any terrible grade. Other than tests, there was not big assignments due this week, so having no due dates felt nice at the same time. Today, I started the Darwin project with my new partner and it seems a lot harder than previous projects. I feel like I need to put much more time on this, so I am little depressed about it. Getters and Setters issue is probably the popular topic to talk about this week, and based on what I very briefly read the idea seems to be logical not to display any implementation to outside. However, this has been really big challenge for us that some of them really need some variables living in other classes or et cetera. Defining what is getter and setter or not is still an issue for me that I really need to go see TAs to clarify our implementations.

## What's in your way?
Always the procrastination and the laziness.

## What will you do next week?
Because all the tests are done, I got a lot of projects’ due dates coming up. Hopefully, I will get a good portion of them done tomorrow.

## Pick or Tip of the week
It was interesting to read turning the software into hardware, so that the speed can be improved. This article talk about breaking the overhead problems of communication among the processor’s many cores. They are motivated to research more about whether they can turn any software functions into the hardware.
<a href="http://spectrum.ieee.org/semiconductors/processors/breaking-the-multicore-bottleneck">Multicore </a>
