---
layout: post
title: "CS371p Fall 2016: Sangmin Han"
published: true
---
## What did you do this past week?
Allocator project was due this week’s Thursday. My partner and I finished writing the code and getting the “success” word pretty quickly, so we thought that was it. However, while we were testing against some student’s tests we found a few crucial bugs, so it was very naïve to think that we wrote working code within a few hours. Other than finding bugs, creating the test cases took so much time than I thought and I had trouble merging with my partner’s code which also consumed up so much time. Turning in the project in this class has been the big chunk of hours spent for the estimate.

## What's in your way?
Always the procrastination and the laziness are the nemesis of my life.

## What will you do next week?
Having three exams and two of them being back-to-back are quite depressing and stressful. I would not mind having multiple tests on same week and even same day, but not back-to-back. I feel like I am always not prepared for the tests and frequently miss one little detail that could gain me so much points. I really need to focus more on the studying details. Due to these tests, I am just little worried about finding a partner since I won’t be able to work on it until next week-end.

## Pick or Tip of the week
I found this article which talks about the importance of portfolio rather than resume. Some or most of students may already realize the importance of portfolio, but I personally do not have portfolio so will try to build one after taking the tests. I think this class help a lot to make this portfolio better because of many interesting projects.
<a href="http://matt.might.net/articles/what-cs-majors-should-know/">Portfolio </a>
